Much of Las Vegas Boulevard was closed as police SWAT teams combed the venue and neighboring businesses.
McCarran International Airport, adjacent to the shooting site, was shut down for several hours.
Approximately 300 people entered the airport property as they fled to safety from the shooting.
This prompted officials to shut down all four runways.
More than 25 flights were rerouted to ensure that no aircraft would be endangered by gunfire,while other flights were canceled before airfield operations resumed at 12:40am on October 2.
At approximately 2:45pm PDT on October 2, a state of emergency was declared in Clark County.
The morning after the shooting, lines to donate blood in Las Vegas stretched for blocks.
Wait times were as much as six hours or more.
Millions of dollars have also been raised to help victims and their families.
Nevada Governor Brian Sandoval called the shooting "a tragic and heinous act of violence that has shaken the Nevada family".
Jason Aldean, who was performing when the shooting started, posted his condolences on Instagram and noted all of those working with him at the show had survived the attack.
At a press conference, President Donald Trump described Paddock as "a very very sick individual", and "a demented man, with a lot of problems".
He added, "the police department has done such an incredible job, and we'll be talking about gun laws as time goes by".
A White House official talking points memo, distributed to Trump allies, opposed tightening gun control since "new laws won't stop a mad man", but "will curtail the freedoms of law abiding citizens".
On October 4, Trump visited the shooting victims and first responders.
The terrorist group Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claimed that Paddock was their "soldier", and that he had answered Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi's call to attack coalition countries, but an FBI agent said they had found "no connection with an international terrorist group.
ISIS provided no evidence for its claim, and terrorism experts noted that since Mosul liberation in October 2016, ISIS or Amaq News Agency has on at least two other occasions made false claims of responsibility for attacks with which they had no connection.
Stock prices of firearms manufacturers rose the day after the shooting, as has happened after similar incidents.
Investors expect gun sales will increase over concerns that such an event could lead to more stringent gun-control legislation and a rush of customers wishing to defend themselves against future attacks.
The shooting prompted support in the U.S. Congress for legislation that would ban bump fire stocks.
The National Rifle Association (NRA) came out in favor of administrative bump fire stock regulations.
Some Congressional Republicans have also expressed their support of a prohibition of bump fire stocks.
On October 2, Trump issued a proclamation to honor the victims and their families.
The name "1 October" was declared the official title of the mass shooting for investigators, according to authorities with the Clark County Commissioner.
The future of the Las Vegas Village site remains undetermined.
In the hours after the shooting, false information about the shooter's identity and motive went viral on social media.
The fake news was circulated by Internet forums such as 4chan.
The website The Gateway Pundit misidentified the shooter, naming a different man and describing him as a registered Democrat.
The 4chan thread on which this misinformation was based was briefly featured in the "Top Stories" section of a Google search for the man's name.
The fake news website YourNewsWire spread false information about a second gunman shooting from the fourth floor of the hotel.
Two of Facebook's top trending pages were items from Sputnik, a Russian government news agency that has been described by Foreign Policy magazine and the Center for European Policy Analysis as being a "Russian propaganda" outlet.
These included one story that falsely claimed the FBI had linked the shooter to a terrorist group.
The stories were later removed with an apology.
Stories linking the shooter to Antifa have also been discredited.
Google and Facebook were criticized for prominently displaying such false news stories in some of their search results.
The two technology companies were said to have failed in their responsibility of keeping false stories from reaching the public.
Facebook later said its algorithms were designed to detect and remove false stories, but failed to work adequately in this instance.
An October 2017 article in the Wall Street Journal referencing the shooting stated, "After searches on YouTube about the mass shooting this month in Las Vegas surfaced videos peddling conspiracy theories, the site said it was tweaking its search algorithm to promote more authoritative news sources.
There have been several changes in the official account of Paddock's shooting of hotel security guard Campos.
According to police officials, adjustments to a timeline of events are considered to be "minute changes" that are common in complex investigations.
In a first statement about the incident, police officials inaccurately reported that Campos arrived on the scene after Paddock began firing into the crowd.
In a second statement, police officials reported, again inaccurately, that Campos was shot six minutes before Paddock began firing into the crowd.
That report had been based on a 9:59pm notation in a hotel security log, which in a third statement was determined to have been the time when Campos encountered the barricaded door.
Sheriff Lombardo dismissed allegations that the changing timeline is the result of some kind of conspiracy between the police department, the FBI, and MGM Resorts International saying "Nobody is attempting to hide anything in reference to this investigation.
The dynamics and the size of this investigation requires us to go through voluminous amounts of information in order to draw an accurate picture.